DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Evolution Revolution!
[screaming]
Noooooo! Marucho!
Wait!
JULIE: That's impossible!
How could Marucho and Runo just disappear?
DAN: Marucho! Runo!
Where are you guys?
C'mon, quit foolin' around!
Too weird...
This isn't funny!
Ah man, I got a sick feelin' in my gut
something's happened to them!
Marucho! Runo!
C'mon, answer me!
Easy, Daniel.
Havin' a little crisis here!
That's it, I gotta find 'em!
But Dan...
where are you going?
I said, I'm goin' find 'em!
Wait up, Dan, we're coming with you!
[scream]
Ewww, majorly creepy...
THINKING: C'mon you guys,
just give me some kinda clue or somethin'...
[struggling noises]
Runo! Runo! Wake up!
Tigrerra...
You're alright...
Yeah, I'm fine...
Marucho!
Wake up, Marucho!
W-Where am I?
So strange...
All I remember is us chasing Klaus down the hallway...
And so do I...
interesting...
But how...
were we transported here?
My poor Preyas...
Well, I guess we should try to get a hold of Dan...
Runo calling Dan...
Are you there?
DAN: Where the heck are you?
We've been worried sick about ya!
Where's Marucho?
Are you guys still together?
Hey! Are you still there, Runo?
Runo, come in, over!
RUNO: Would you put a lid on it!
How in the world am I supposed to answer
with you doing all the talking?
DAN: Hey, sorry for bein' worried!
We've been lookin' for you guys all morning!
You sure know how to make a girl feel good!
What?
You might as well stop now.
It's a battle you can't win...
You're right.
DAN: Is Marucho with you, Runo?
-Yes. - Good .
So, do you know if you're still in the castle somewhere?
I think so...
Hang on a minute, Runo...
I have a sneaking suspicion that this isn't the same castle.
DAN: What does that mean?
You're right...
Everything looks a little different...
This is getting creepy.
I say we leave at once!
Then we can search the castle and maybe find how Klaus
vanished into thin air.
But...
No buts about it, Runo!
[screaming]
I'm determined to save Preyas!
'Kay...
Nice one!
You knew they were following you, Klaus!
Don't sweat it, Julio.
I wonder what's in here?
MARUCHO: It's empty!
[\u266a]
Looks like a dead end...
TIGRERRA: It appears to be deserted.
Wait a minute!
How incredibly deceptive!
This is it, Runo!
This is what?
A secret passage!
[scream]
Well, that was a close one...
Looks like the basement!
I believe the word is dungeon, Runo...
DAN: Be careful!
You don't have to tell me twice!
DAN: Man, I sure hope you guys know what you're doing!
Runo, look!
I think that's called a door...
Hey... a computer!
Yeah, like what's it doing in a dungeon?
I'm curious to what it's linked up to.
What was that?
Quick, you've got to back away!
Look...
MARUCHO: This is amazing!
It's a giant digital scoreboard that somehow ranks
Bakugan players from all around the world!
And look at those power levels!
In all my research, I've never seen anything like it before!
I'm in heaven!
How can anyone's power level be at 410 Gs?
But is that possible?
If you think that's high, check this out!
DAN: Hey show me!
Here you go...
Can you see it, Dan?
Unbelievable...
It can't be!
How did they get their power levels so high?
They must have evolved.
What'd ya mean?
By battling in your world,
each confrontation makes them stronger.
Yeah, I remember Hydranoid talking about that one time.
I feed off the Bakugan I send to the doom dimension.
Ah man, that's crazy...
Does that mean you evolve?
With each encounter our life force multiplies.
You too, Tigrerra?
Yes. I too evolve.
It was the same back in our home of Vestroia.
Each battle was a source of strength.
DRAGO: Not only would our power increase,
but the experience would make us wiser in battle.
Both on defense and offense.
TIGRERRA: But there is one drawback.
Some Bakugan can absorb too much power
for their body to handle.
And there is no way of knowing when too much is too much.
RUNO: Then what happens?
Sadly, it leads to one's own destruction...
But the strong survive
by drawing power off of other Bakugan!
Wait a sec...
Masquerade was talkin' about it as well!
My pet is evolving...
Soon Hydranoid...
If no one is able to put a stop to this...
this evolution revolution,
soon the Ultimate Bakugan will exist!
This isn't sounding good!
The Ultimate...
Bakugan...
Marucho?
This data base indicates the Ultimate Bakugan
doesn't exist yet...
Who's ranked the highest then?
Let's take a look...
MARUCHO: Bingo!
Hydranoid!
MASQUERADE: Yes...
My precious Hydranoid!
Masquerade!
Huh?
Is this some kinda joke?
[evil laughter]
You, you're the one!
You sent my Preyas to the Doom Dimension!
I want revenge!
And I demand it!
A battle, right here and right now!
You'll battle me, kid!
Julio Santana challenges you!
Allow me to introduce myself.
I am the world's most gifted Haos handler.
Hold your horses, Cueball!
Let me take care of him!
No Runo!
I do not like this creep...
I say he's the 'world's most gifted jerk '...
and I'm going to prove it!
I'll get your revenge, Marucho.
Runo, wait!
You can't fight him alone!
Field Open!
Dan?
Hey, you didn't expect me just to stand around and watch?
[giggle]
You hear that, Tentaclear?
Looks like we can take out two bozos with one Bakugan!
I am going to enjoy this...
Doom Card Set!
JULIO: Stay tuned...
and watch me win!
Now, back to Bakugan Brawlers!
Card Gate SET!
Bakugan Brawl!
Haos Siege Stand!
Haos Fear Ripper Stand!
Bakugan Brawl!
Pyrus Robotallian Stand!
JULIO: Well, looks like everyone's present and accounted for!
Let's get this little freak show started!
Bakugan Brawl!
Tentaclear Stand!
BAKUPOD: Battle ready to commence.
Ability Card Activate!
Flare Blinder!
Ah snap, that's bright!
I can't see a thing!
My eyes are burning!
[pained screams]
Gate Card... Open!
JULIO: Is this cool or what?
My little Flare Blinder move...
renders your Bakugan useless!
I... can't... take it!
Robotallion Come back!
I need you here!
As long as my Flare Blinder is on,
your little toys can't touch me!
Isn't this fun?
Bakugan brawl!
Tentaclear Stand!
Ability card activate...
Mega Flare Blinder!
[\u266a]
[pained scream]
[evil laugh]
Oh no!
MARUCHO: We lost both our Bakugan, guys!
I hope they enjoy an eternity in the Doom Dimension!
Poor little Bakugan!
[evil laughter]
Dan...
Let the big goon gloat, but just wait!
Baldie's only got one Ability Card left!
And then he's all mine!
Let's get this over with!
Bakugan Brawl!
Haos Centipoid Stand!
Guess we might as well go down fighting!
Bakugan Brawl!
Griffon Stand!
Is that all you've got?
Bakugan Brawl!
Time for... Haos Triple Chain Reaction!
Oh snap!
Not good!
Ability Card...
Activate!
Haos Stasys!
BAKUPOD: Tentaclear power increase of 100 Gs.
We're in trouble, guys...
Now he has two Ability Cards!
My infamous Haos Stasys Ability
increases my Bakugan by 100 Gs...
Oh and I forgot to mention it revives any Ability Card
I've already used or lost in battle!
What'd we do?
I guess...
we pretend we know what we're doing!
Go Tentaclear!
BAKUPOD: All combatants power increase by 100 Gs.
Griffon!
Inconceivable!
You should see the look on your faces!
What's wrong?
Not so tough anymore, are you?
My poor Bakugan!
[evil laughter]
I've had all I can take!
You are so done!
Pyrus Ravenoid Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Shadow Scratch!
BAKUPOD: Fear Ripper Power reduction of 50 Gs.
Ravenoid Power Level at 330 Gs.
DAN: Now your Gate Card Power Level is Frozen!
Oh wow, wasn't expecting that!
But I'll bet you're not expecting this!
Gate Card Open!
Final Judgement!
Oh no!
A counter move!
BAKUPOD: Battle Assessment-
Final Judgement Attribute
draining all Bakugan power
with the exception of Haos Bakugan.
All power will be lost.
JULIO: Go for it, Fear Ripper!
Tigrerra, we've got to help Dan!
Ability Card Activate!
Cut in Saber!
DAN: Ravenoid!
I was too late...
BAKUPOD: Ravenoid eliminated.
You'll pay, Fear Ripper!
Finally, some competition!
Bakugan Brawl!
RUNO: You think you can win with your Attribute?
Not a chance!
Take him, Tigrerra!
Bakugan Brawl!
Tigrerra Stand!
Pussy Cat!
Gate Card Open!
Reloaded!
With my Reloaded Gate Card, I can steal a hundred Gs
of power from any Bakugan on the battlefield!
Now watch and learn, kiddies, while I win another one!
BAKUPOD: Centipoid Power Increase of 100 Gs.
JULIO: Let's see you try and take down my Centipoid
who's packing over 400 Gs!
Runo!
Right!
Ability Activate!
Rapid Haos!
DAN: Drago!
We're counting on you!
RUNO: My Rapid Haos Ability
lets my Bakugan hook up
with another on the battlefield!
BAKUPOD: Brawlers at 720 Gs.
Ready, Tigrerra?
Never more!
Alright, we did it!
Yeah, and now the battle's all tied up!
This little skirmish is starting to bore me!
Now...
to get rid of his Tentaclear!
No prob!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
This battle is between you and I, Tentaclear,
and victory will be mine!
Cut the chit chat!
Gate Card Open!
Energy Merge!
Drago!
Oh no!
Drago's power...
it's beginning to decrease!
BAKUPOD: Sensing massive Power Level reduction...
He threw a Trap Card!
My Card has the Ability to absorb the power
of your Bakugan!
BAKUPOD: Tentaclear Power Increasing...
Drago Power Decreasing...
That's it, Tentaclear!
Suck in all the power you need!
Drago!
I can't lose...
[struggling]
BAKUPOD: Sensing Drago Power Increase.
Impossible!
Very strange...
I can sense an odd power beginning to rise up in me...
I'm regaining my strength!
It's a miracle!
BAKUPOD: Sensing Power Increase in both Bakugan.
Go Drago!
You're absorbing Tentaclear's power
and it's making you stronger!
Tentaclear, listen to me!
Take that dragon down now before it's too late!
Now!
Ability Card Activate!
Cut in Saber!
[roar]
I'm tired of this!
Ability Card Activate!
Mega Flare Blinder!
My eyes!
Stop it!
Finish them, Tentaclear!
I can't lose...
for the sake of Preyas!
Hurry uppp!
Tigrerra!
Look out!
[growling]
You're mine!
Tentaclear, no!
BAKUPOD: Drago at 300 Gs.
But... that's not possible!
Drago!
How'd you...
I can feel it!
It is happening!
The power is building within me!
[loud roar]
The evolution process has started!
Evolving...
Yeah, that's it!
Drago is evolving!
That is so very cool!
Now, Drago!
It is time, Daniel!
I have the power to finish the battle!
Ability Card Activate!
Boosted Dragon!
Tentaclear!
Alright!
It's working!
Yep!
How could this happen?
I never lose... never...
[screaming]
Runo!
[thud]
But where...
are we?
Marucho! Runo!
And sweet Dan are back safely!
Oh, this is wonderful!
And here we were worried about you!
[chuckling]
ALICE: So I guess that...
Masquerade is still on his quest...
It seems he's trying to find the Ultimate Bakugan...
Huh?
If the Silent Core has fused together
with the Ultimate Bakugan, Naga,
then it would be possible for the Infinity Core
to fuse with another Ultimate Bakugan.
And that Bakugan...
could be Masquerade's Hydranoid.
And if that happens, it would be totally disastrous!
I concur, Julie, but we have to stop Masquerade
before he finds the Infinity Core!
C'mon guys, don't sweat it!
One of our Bakugan just needs to become the Ultimate Bakugan
before Hydranoid, right?
And with every battle, our Bakugan will evolve
a little more!
I get the feeling we can do this, guys!
Me too!
Then we should vote!
All in favor?
ALL: Aye!
JULIE: Coming up on Bakugan Brawlers...
My friend Billy challenges me!
And I'm up for it!
At first I was worried Billy's brain had been completely
taken over by Masquerade,
but I soon realized he had a lot of childhood memories
about when we were both kids!
Phew!
Was I relieved!
But I had bigger problems!
Like winning the battle!
And I knew this girl had to get it together to pull it off!
[giggle]
Bakugan Brawl!
We'll see you there, dudes!